Add HTTP proxy vars to environment variables (#5)
projectsyn/component-cert-manager: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/references/parameters.adoc

= Parameters

The parent key for all of the following parameters is `cert_manager`.

== `namespace`

[horizontal]
type:: string
default:: `syn-cert-manager`

The namespace in which to install cert-manager.

== `charts:cert-manager`

[horizontal]
type:: string
default:: `v0.15.1`

> The version of the chart to use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The version of the Helm chart to use.
```

== `dns01-recursive-nameservers`

[horizontal]
type:: string
default:: `1.1.1.1:53`

> tbd

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Recursive nameservers to use for validating DNS01 challenges.
See the https://cert-manager.io/docs/configuration/acme/dns01/#setting-nameservers-for-dns01-self-check[cert-manager documentation] for more details.
```

== `http_proxy`

[horizontal]
type:: string
default:: ``

> HTTP_PROXY configuration that cert-manager should use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The value of `http_proxy` is passed to cert-manager in environment variable `HTTP_PROXY`.
```

== `https_proxy`

[horizontal]
type:: string
default:: ``

HTTPS_PROXY configuration that cert-manager should use.

== `no_proxy`

[horizontal]
type:: string
default:: ``

> NO_PROXY configuration that cert-manager should use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The value of `no_proxy` is passed to cert-manager in environment variable `NO_PROXY`.
```
